# 月亮
由于这里所处的纬度, 呦呦很久以来第一次看到月亮, 会喊月亮.

并深受对着月亮说, "扣"

# Idea
I have an idea for a new business.

By far LLM was wildly used for NPC in game. but that's not entirely brilliant way to use that.

There should be a debate app / web.

Where you can argue, and win. Because huge portion of human needs to argue with someone on something. And spill things out is almost the only way to save this teared up world.

liberal vs conservative?
traditional medicine vs modern medicine?
sogi good or bad?
discipline or casual, which benefits child more?

politics? lifestyle? entertainment? you name it.

## MODE I: Debate a bot
Use a friendly digital human face AI bot as opponent. 
Will score user's vocab, articulation level, reasoning, etc.
Extra points will be given, secret levels unlock  if user tries to debate a same topic on other side. 

## MODE II: Assisted Debate.

To debate, the following things will pop/stream out for you to try:
* talking points
* possible potent vocabularies
* when reading / watching other app, any post / video you think resonate with your opinion, or will be a solid evidence for your speech in the future, you can share it to our app, we'll save it, and when you refer to a outside source, the bookmark link/summary will show up on screen.

## MODE III: Streaming Human vs Human
The streaming will be AI assisted, source material mentioned will be shown on screen for all. (to acknowledge and align perceived facts)

People will watch, can help with gifts (buy another reference chance, buy another 10s, etc) only way of monetization?

Rankings, turnament, role models, content redistribution etc.

## Purpose of this app
* Argue here, not with family
* If you convinced others, you feel good, if you got convinced, you will believe in something you don't yesterday, the incremental information happened today must be profound and usually a great learning experience.
* Human being, as a collective trend, is deteriorating fast on articuating power. Each idea, political or not, no matter how unheard, can have a chance to find talking champions as the most potent version of their voice. It should be joyful to watch.
* Many discussions happen on usual internet platform either in lopsided overpowering, or meaningless ranting where both side quote things and facts other side don't bother to check. This platform will offer a chance to have ideas examed under public attention.

## Action Items
If I'm not working hard and geting a master degree, I'll totally try build this.