# Idea: Knowledge Validation
* A web extension to validate knowledge validation, upon any link to a video page/ like youtube.
* So given a user, and a video link, we can show a small certificate that the user knows pretty well about the video. (Say video is a class to explain some topic, eg. explain in detail types of immune cells).
* The validation process is:
    * Use interactive bot (at least voice x LLM) to ask user questions about the video (given some random into question generation).
    * Record user's answer(at least audio), taking down transcript.
    * Verify the voice if necessary.
    * Score a cluster of user x video combination, and certificate the user as having a good knowledge of a domain
    * User are encouraged to upload videos to the video platform(not us), and get extra shiny credits.
    * Based on the above, can generate CV like page for a given user.
* The idea is to act as the decentralized alterative to universities. 

It can not replace college education, but can act as a strong and convenient supplement to it. People can obtain a spectrum of knowledge without applying to any institution, and experience practices (at least in narrative form) of a domain.

Say if you're trying to adapt to a new industry, a new software, or a new management style, even a new safety guide. You want to learn, and have interactive feed back on your ever growing understanding of things. But you don't want to get another master degree for that, spend a sizable saving and wait for admission cycle. You want no limitation on the scope of your learning.

Bots that can answer our questions might going to be problem.

# Breakthrough
I have some breakthrough findings at work.

Sometime it's bits and scraps of details I failed to appreciate a month ago.

Excellence in tech is to understand the right detail thoroughly.


