# Power House Visitor Centre
> @Stave lake

It's facinating to learn the details about hydro power, and interworkings of giant mechineries. Especially how governor control the rotation to 225 to answer the different level of power request from the city.
## Learning
* The dedicated tooling for specific tasks around that age is very enjoyful to observe.  Many things could have been done with 1 button in modern electronics/ softwares takes shoe box size devices to get 1 reading. I defintely have more respect for the Engineers around that time.
* Fine tuning the pitch angle of wind turbine is a very good task for small scale ML model.

## TODO
We spent extra $2 for further visiting before thanks giving.

# Selling the Used Car
## Scenario
J found a potential car buyer to try out our used car, 2 guys demand test driving, I was on the back seat.

They tried the car violently for turnings and breaks.

The car is 9 years old and have some rust over the suspension system, that recently had 1 wheel almost fall off.

And they punch for 150kmh with out my consent, that I'm physically on that car.

The car has only reached 110kmh once during our entire ownership over the car.

## Learning
Their stupidity to trust their life on a car they know very little about is very obvious.

But, the part I need to reflect upon is why I didn't stop them right away.

It's my own dishonesty, because I don't want to tell them the recent repair. I haven't came up with a reason to justify why I want them to avoid driving as fast.

Also what's bothering me more is that I should tell them to drive slower immediately. Because anything wrong that might happen, surely bear much severe consequence than losing a sales opportunity.

Even out of selfish angle, it's not a good deal to risk that much.

I should have balance scenarios ahead. 